meanwhile Israeli forces are continuing
to Target residential areas across Gaza
despite that un Security Council
resolution demanding an immediate
ceasefire at least 12 people were killed
in an air strike on a house in Rafa
Israeli bombing of the southern city has
intensified as 1.5 million forcibly
displaced Palestinians are Sheltering
inside many fled there to escape
fighting further north after being told
by Israel that Rafa was a safe Zone
hanim Mahmud is joining us now live from
Rafa for the latest bring us up to speed
with what's been happening in terms of
the fighting and the air strikes this
Friday honey what have been the
[Music]
targets yes well uh so far we're looking
at more residential buildings have been
targeted and more people Sheltering
inside these residential buildings have
been killed overnight attacks and just
within the past couple hours a sport
club and in Rural Center in eastern part
of Gaza City that's a neighborhood where
hundreds of people from the neighborhood
itself and other parts of Gaza City
mainly the center part around sha
Hospital have taken this Sports Center
and eal Center as a place to shter from
the horror of the bombs that the ground
Invasion uh of the city uh 15 people
have been already reported killed in the
massive air strikes initial report were
seven But as time went by we're getting
reports confirmed reports from Ali
Baptist Hospital the number has risen to
15 people so far overnight attacks in
RAF City it caused the death of 12
people in one from one family Sheltering
in one residential home similar
situations in the central area where Al
magazi refugee camp became a side of
Relentless air strike and an artillery
Shilling seven people have been reported
killed meanwhile isra military pushed
deeper a little in the western uh part
in the eastern part of the city of KH
units under heavy coverage of alter
Shing and drone attacks that already
caused many injuries reported to the
Gaza European hospital all of this of
course happening despite the two
powerful bodies at the United Nations
with are the UN Security Council that
passed a resolution demanding a
ceasefire or the icg rolling demanding a
smooth FL humanitarian aid but these two
bodies do not seem to deter uh the
Israeli military from continuing its
attack and prevention of the delivery of
a to the northern part where famine is
spreading very quickly already caused
the death of 28
children honey Mahmud with the latest
there from Rafa in southern Gaza where
as you heard in the background there
Friday prayers are underway our
apologies if uh uh the quality of the
the life there wasn't uh topnotch thank
you honey for joining us